#Team Meeting 02/19/2015 - Approximately 18:30 EST

##In attendence: 
Alex Burkatovsky, Bruce Spang, Caleb Larson, Oskar Singer, Wesley Fung, Zachery May

##Discussion
The meeting began with a discussion of exactly what Selfie with Strangers will be. Before the meeting, the plan was to meet with a stranger and take a picture with a stranger.

Preliminary UI was sketched up based off of this plan. Alex brought up the idea of setting up radius. Oskar further built off this and brought up a monetary way of using sponsors to set some locations such as local businesses. Caleb built up on the monetary stuff bringing up advertisement tie ins.

How our matching algorithm will work was brought up. The team is rearing toward random people meeting up instead of a friend based system. Wesley suggested using phone numbers as a way to keep people in contact. Oskar brought up the backend matching function using unseen parameters to match. Zac brought up a score based system to penalize users that do not play along and meet people. Bruce suggested an ice breaker question presented by the website to get people to get along. 'People in the area' was brought up as a thing to show in the news feed to show selfies taken near the user's pictures.

The team moved on to listing out the moving parts that will need to be made such as location data, suggested times / places, the database, user authorization, etc. The most basic iteration was determined to be location matching and picture upload.

Meeting adjourned 19:55 EST

##Tasks
Pertaining to Project 2
Oskar - Problems and safety

Bruce - Product description

Wesley - Proposal tasks, timeline, and mockup

Zac - Presentation, Notes

Alex - Problem relevant

Caleb - Cost and funding

##Issues
GPS may not be accurate enough on phones and IP's are certainly not accurate enough. We plan to handle this by if it is not accurate enough, we will have them meet at a certain location. 

Timeline must fit into the semester. We plan on working till at least basic implementation is done by the beginning of April. This gives us plenty of time to fix bugs.
